Okay great, so the very last thing
that I wanted to talk about was
actually an example app that we have.
So I wanted to show this to demonstrate,
what would it actually look like if we
used these animations in a real app?
So this is sort of the fake/real
app that I made by sitting on way
too many delta flights but
I didn't use delta in the name.
We have a new airline called
Frontend Airlines which seems fun but
also dangerous, I would not be in
a plane written by Frontend developers.
But yeah, so the idea here is that
we have buttons that do things,
it changes the data state.
So we have an opportunity to do these
state based animations over here already.
Just looking over here,
we could have this come in.
When we do movies, we could have each
of these movies individually show up.
So that's also a possibility,
same thing with the music over here,
just gonna move this over here.
And then this.
So this is an overlay that
happens when you click about.
And there's a few of these on
the actual Inflight Delta app if you've
played around with it, but this is
an example of a really jarring animation.
So you have, or lack of animation really.
You click this and the entire screen
changes so it's not obvious where
this came from, and
it's just not a very good user experience.
So if you want to play around with this,
this is in examples and it's in form.
And so we have a few styles over here,
actually we have a lot of styles and
we do have some animations and
transitions as well.
So let's start with
the transitions over here.
If we could find them, wait, so
I'm in the wrong file, there we go.
Okay, so we have some transitions.
Let's see, this is one for the movies.
So now the transition is
going to be on the opacity so
that when we hover over it,
we're changing the opacity from 0 to 1.
So, this is the very first lesson that we
talked about, where when we go the movies.
Let's actually, okay, so,
we probably have to add
our transition variables and
things like that.
But yeah, let's go ahead and I'm actually
going to add all of these in just to show
you what it looks like to actually
have some animation in this app.
So I basically come to
add a bunch of things.
And this brings me to another point
which I'm gonna talk about very soon,
don't worry.
So animation, okay, so
right now we're just adding back
a lot of animation over here.
And so we're going to see just the effect
of these animations and hopefully,
give you some inspiration for how you
could use animations in your actual apps.
So let's see if I forgot anything.
No, I think we're good, okay.
So [COUGH] here's our Frontend Airlines
app, now we have a nicer intro, so
we could click get started,
that slides down, this slides up.
And so you could see there's actually
an opportunity to do some choreography.
Where instead of this sliding down and
the other ones sliding up,
we could wait for this to finish sliding
down before the other one slides up so
that's a possibility.
Now when we go to movies,
we could see that each one of
these is sort of staggered.
And so we're doing the same technique that
we talked about before where we are adding
that that CSS variable to each one of
the movies for each of their indexes.
And so because we're doing that,
we could stagger all of them,
just without requiring
an extra animation library.
So same thing with music,
we have it over here, and
then the overlay that I showed you,
we have over there now.
This animation is pretty fast so
you could definitely adjust
that to whatever you feel.